mxgraphng
=========

Purpose
-------
[mxgraph](https://jgraph.github.io/mxgraph/) is an open-source client-side JavaScript library that is used to
display interactive diagrams and graphs. The purpose of `mxgraphng` is to
facilitate the process of importing `mxgraph` into an Angular project.

Installation
------------
Navigate to the root directory of your Angular project and install it with
Angular's `ng add` command. This will run the Angular `add` Schematic that is
shipped with this library.

```shell script
ng add mxgraphng
```

The `add` Schematic makes the following changes to the project:

- Install the `mxgraph` package in the current project.
- Create `mxgraph.conf.js` file in project root directory.
- Update the project's `angular.json` file to include the main `mxgraph`
  JavaScript file.

Example usage
-------------

`mxgraphng` contains a set of `generate` Schematics that create example
interactive diagram components for your Angular project. The components
generated by these schematics are meant to serve as an example of how to build
your own custom diagram tools using `mxgraph`.

### `basiceditor`

The `basiceditor` generate Schematic takes 3 optional arguments:

- `projectName`

  - Description: The name of the project to create the component in.
  - Default value: Default project

- `path`

  - Description: Path relative to the project root to create the component in.
  - Default value: Root path of the selected project

- `name`

  - Description: The name of the component that will be created.
  - Default value: `basic-editor`

```shell script
ng generate mxgraphng:basiceditor
```

The result will be a folder with the name you chose for the component, located
in the main project folder (unless you chose another location via the schematic's
arguments).

Development
-----------
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.6.

Clone the source code from GitHub

```shell script
git clone https://github.com/Ex-Mente/mxgraphng
```

This will download the Angular workspace that contains the `mxgraphng` library.
You can add an application to this workspace directly to create and test a diagram
component with `mxgraphng`.
